Add RateLimit and APIGateway autogenerated crd documentation (#2395)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-00-apigateway-custom-resource.md

is placed in the `Warning` state.

## Sample Custom Resource
This is a sample APIGateway CR:

```yaml
apiVersion: operator.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: APIGateway
metadata:
  labels:
    operator.kyma-project.io/managed-by: kyma
  name: default
spec:
  enableKymaGateway: true
```

## Custom Resource Parameters
The following tables list all the possible parameters of a given resource together with their descriptions.

### APIVersions
- operator.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1

### Resource Types
- [APIGateway](#apigateway)

### APIGateway

APIGateway is the Schema for APIGateway APIs.

| Field | Description | Validation |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **apiVersion** <br /> string | `operator.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1` | Optional |
| **kind** <br /> string | `APIGateway` | Optional |
| **metadata** <br /> [ObjectMeta](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.33/#objectmeta-v1-meta) | For more information on the metadata fields, see Kubernetes API documentation. | Optional |
| **spec** <br /> [APIGatewaySpec](#apigatewayspec) | Defines the desired state of APIGateway custom resource. | Optional |

> | **status** <br /> [APIGatewayStatus](#apigatewaystatus) | Defines the observed status of APIGateway custom resource. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **status** <br /> [APIGatewayStatus](#apigatewaystatus) | Defines the observed status of APIGateway CR. | Optional |
```

### APIGatewaySpec

Defines the desired state of APIGateway custom resource.

Appears in:
- [APIGateway](#apigateway)

| Field | Description | Validation |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | **enableKymaGateway** <br /> boolean | Specifies whether the default Kyma Gateway `kyma-gateway` in `kyma-system` Namespace is created. | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **enableKymaGateway** <br /> boolean | Specifies whether the default Kyma Gateway `kyma-gateway` in `kyma-system` namespace is created. | Optional |
```
